I am a trained data analyst through direct mentorship from experienced tutors in the industry and internships but have no proffesional
experience. Below are my projects and  qualification.

Name: ANWULUORAH  EMEKA  MICHAEL           
Location: Nigeria       Phone: +2348162662668     Email: anwuluorahemekamichael@gmail.com    
Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/Michaeltheanalyst
Website: https://anwuluorahemeka.github.io/michaeltheanalyst.github.io/
Youtube channel: Https://youtube.com/user/flexambassador

TECHNICAL SKILLS
* Python          * Microsoft Excel  * Machine Learning   * Data Analysis       * Attention to details
* Pandas          * SQL              * Scikit-Learn       * Data wrangling      * Team Player                       
* Numpy           * Power Bi         * Data ware -housing * Web Scrapping       * Critical Thinking  
* Matplotlib      * Seaborn          * A/B testing        * Data-Visualization  * Communication
* Power querry    * Azure 

PROJECTS
* Email Campaign Analysis, assessed and analyzed the Containing emails, developed KPI and dashoards to access limitations 
encountered in the campaign whether to change marketed emails a new page or run more ads.  
Tools: Microsft excel │Microsoft power bi 

* Data Base Development investigated and explored Datasets used Sql servers for collecting, storing and analyzing   
a relational Database and values. Also have av sql tutorial channel> Https://youtube.com/user/flexambassador

* Applying A/B Test results achieved result of an A/B test Created models and performance by an ecommerce website to dashboard to analyze the result reduce cost as well as increase Performance.                           
 Tools: Python │statsmodel│pandas│
 regression│statistics│matplotlib │ Probability
 
WORK EXPERIENCE

* TRAINEE                                                                                          12/10/2012 – 05/2016 
  
UNILEVER PLC │Anambra , Nigeria
Collected, developed and managed data that support performance improvement activities of Unilever and its products.
Worked under supervision of senior employers to help plan and direct work organization.
Participated in requirement meetings and data mapping sessions to understand business needs.
Created various excel documents to assist with pulling metrics data and presenting information to stakeholders for concise explanation of best placement for needed resources.

* RESEARCH ASSISTANT                                                                                  05/2021- 07/2021
  
University of Nnamdi Azikiwe │ Awka, Nigeria

Collected research data through laboratory experiments.

Investigated patterns in datasets with python and Microsoft excel using Vlook up and pivot tables, 

Prepared materials for reports, presentation and visualization. 

* ADVERTISING SPECIALIST

Mentored and taught students how to carry out social media campaign and ads also principles of advertising
At Unizik on contract.

BUSINESS DATA ANALYST (part-time)                                                           1/01/2018 – still running
Divrect consult │ Asaba, Nigeria
Cleaned, assessed and explored business data with python for patterns and trends.
Used Excel to validate data , carried out X-look-up, conditional formatting where required.
used  DAX to create measures method to run calculation, analyze data and generate useful business reports.
Utilized data visualization tools (power-bi ) to effectively communicate business insights to the organization.

KPMG VIRTUAL INTERNSHIP                                                                                            August 2021 
1.	During this internship which took a while I was able to carry out Data ingestion, Exploration on the data set. I cleaned all data and removed anomalies including data formatting and validation 
2.	During the model Development, I used Microsoft excel to explore the relationships between the worksheets making sure the primary keys were utilized to create one to many and many to many relationships.
3.	Before Interpretation and visualization, I used pivot tables to calculate and synchronise all the information I intend to display on my dashboard.

AZURE SOLUTION ARCHITECTURE
During my Microsoft azure cloud training I have able to carry out and design authentication and authorization soluitions: I designed identitiy and access management, designed for azure active directory, also for B2B and B2C. Designed Identity protection and security key vaults.

Designed a compute solution with azure virtual machine solutions, batch solutions, container instance solutions including Kubernetes service, designed network infrastructure solution based on requirement for on premises connectivity.

Design for data integration solution with azure data factory, azure data lake, azure synapse analytics also designed a strategy for hot, warm and cold data path. 

OTHER PROJECTS CARRIED OUT.
DATA CLEANING WITH EXCEL:  I have an ecommerce company data that wants to know how much they have been losing due to dull and slow business return. So was able to analyze their data further with Microsoft power bi apply some month over month, same period last year and was able to get an insight, visualized with power bi and presented detailed solutions.

PROPERTY AND REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ANALYSIS:  Due to mismanagement of an estate agency we took analysis according to the collected data from an estate developer, found out why the tenants where not remitting rents but according to the data collected we found out the agency was violating their occupancy rights due to inability to provide adequate housing/environmental functionalities.

BANK LOAN DEFAULTERS PREDICTION: we used machine learning with the aid of supervised learning by training models, using pattern and trends to find out loan defaulters based on survey collected by the loan disbursement platform.

AIRLINE CUSTOMERS SATISFACTION ANALYSIS: In this analysis we consolidated different generated data , cleaned in power query . Analyzed according to the airlines customers type, flight attributes, flight distance, gender and formulated age bracket, with application of Dax-measures in calculations and visualized with power bi to identify how we satisfy our customers and how we have some discrepancies.

CREATED A DATABASE IN SSMS: Here i have created a database in sql management studio, created different tables, inserted the values where required in its columns, a pet database and student database using them to perform several analysis such as retrieving information from Database with where clause, order by, having, using wild character % to retrieve beginning/ end of particular strings , altered and truncated a table as required.

MORE PROJECTS CAN BE VIEWED ON THE WEBSITE: https://anwuluorahemeka.github.io/michaeltheanalyst.github.io/

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION

University of Nnamdi Azikiwe- Bachelor of Arts │Advertising, Sept 2019.

Microsoft- Azure data fundamentals (certificate)

KPMG – KPMG/forage data analytics virtual internship

Entry Level- Data analyst virtual internship (Australia)

Datacamp – Machine learning for everyone statement of accomplishment (award)

Cousera – IBM Data warehousing 

Datacamp- Introduction to data science in python (award)

Microsoft- Azure cloud fundamentals (az-900) ongoing

LANGUAGE

English: Native Language.

Igbo: Mother Tongue






